Specify where to actually set assembly attributes (#33552)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/assembly/set-attributes.md

# Set assembly attributes

> Assembly attributes are values that provide information about an assembly. They are usually set in a `AssemblyInfo.cs` file. The attributes are divided into the following sets of information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assembly attributes are values that provide information about an assembly. They're usually set in an _AssemblyInfo.cs_ file. The attributes are divided into the following sets of information:
```
